alright guys welcome to slender fortress
this is my motley crew this evening we
got a hobo ng of green this cat face man
Steve and uh yeah let's get to work come
on fellas Halloween this is Halloween
Halloween okay okay um we need to split
up in groups of two so be a little more
easier all right what's the monster in
this anyway since work don't scream
because then you're gonna call them
towards right link mechanic is is
automatic though i think i have i have
unlimited sprint with good with it up
with the put this guy I've on the
limited sprint which is good unlimited
sprint with the pyro that's a that's
cool if you crouch then you're quieter
turns off you flashlight
okay what are we looking for anyway
maybe one of six I no idea what we're
looking for we're looking for memories
or what okay we're outside now okay I
hear something some songs that the sums
up something's up I hear something funny
like did abominable snowman is the
abominable snow blam coming to give me
without a little snow chin whoever oh
Christ oh Jesus what's that what is sad
run run run run run run run run run run
what is this thing what is this thing it
just killed cat face man what is it kill
it go fire fire I'm goofy goober yeah
give me a bigger he got away okay no no
no you feel all living longer my love
live alone I got a pyro has a luminous
print oh crap he's after me like me oh
well that was a failure that was a
failure if I ever saw one geez I am so
bad at this my apologies so I can video
uh remember the rate the video comment
the video and subscribe for more videos
and peace